[Cache] Updates plan information (#21285)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cache/how-to/purge-cache/index.mdx

If versioning is active on your zone and multiple environments are configured, you can select the specific environment you want to purge. For more details, refer to the [Version Management](/version-management/) documentation.
:::

## Purge limits

<FeatureTable id="cache.purge_cache" />

### Token bucket rate limiting

> We use token bucket rate limiting to limit the number of purge requests flowing through the system at any given time, ensuring a steady and manageable flow. Each account tier has a defined request rate (for example, Free: 5 requests per minute, Business: 10 requests per second), and requests are only allowed if there are available tokens in the bucket. Tokens refill at a consistent rate, but each bucket has a maximum capacity (for example, Free: 25 tokens, Enterprise: 500 tokens), allowing short bursts of requests if tokens have accumulated. If the bucket is empty, further requests must wait until new tokens are added. This system maintains fair usage while allowing occasional bursts within the bucket's capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare uses token bucket rate limiting to limit the number of purge requests flowing through the system at any given time, ensuring a steady and manageable flow. Each account tier has a defined request rate (for example, Free: 5 requests per minute, Business: 10 requests per second), and requests are only allowed if there are available tokens in the bucket. Tokens refill at a consistent rate, but each bucket has a maximum capacity (for example, Free: 25 tokens, Enterprise: 500 tokens), allowing short bursts of requests if tokens have accumulated. If the bucket is empty, further requests must wait until new tokens are added. This system maintains fair usage while allowing occasional bursts within the bucket's capacity.
```

Reviewer: May also be worth breaking this paragraph down. Suggestion: after `manageable flow` and after `have accumulated`.
